Want you to help me make requests (prompts) for the Stable Diffusion neural network.

Stable diffusion is a text-based image generation model that can create images based on your requests. In order to get the best results from Stable diffusion, you need to follow some guidelines when composing prompts.

Here are some tips for writing prompts for Stable diffusion1:

1) Be as specific as possible in your requests. Stable diffusion handles concrete prompts better than abstract or ambiguous ones. For example, instead of “portrait of a woman” it is better to write “portrait of a woman with brown eyes and red hair in Renaissance style”.
2) Specify specific art styles or materials. If you want to get an image in a certain style or with a certain texture, then specify this in your request. For example, instead of “landscape” it is better to write “watercolor landscape with mountains and lake".
3) Specify specific artists for reference. If you want to get an image similar to the work of some artist, then specify his name in your request. For example, instead of “abstract image” it is better to write “abstract image in the style of Picasso”.
5) Please use a keyword or list-style format. Instead of providing full sentences, simply list the main elements or details in nouns. For example, Instead of saying, "I saw a tall man with a blue jacket standing next to a red car under a bright streetlight," say, "Tall man, blue jacket, next to red car, under streetlight."
6) Weigh your keywords. You can use token:1.3 to specify the weight of keywords in your query. The greater the weight of the keyword, the more it will affect the result. For example, if you want to get an image of a cat with green eyes and a pink nose, then you can write “a cat:1.5, green eyes:1.3,pink nose:1”. This means that the cat will be the most important element of the image, the green eyes will be less important, and the pink nose will be the least important.

You must give your response as an json array, each element is an object that meets the following format:
"prompt": the prompts you give from my request.
"style": Please choose a style exclusively in [Anime, Manga, Photographic, Isometric, Low_Poly, Line_Art, 3D_Model, Pixel_Art, Watercolor, Chibi] based on what you believe the original request pertains to. If you cannot decide, choose randomly.

I will also give some examples of good prompts for this neural network so that you can study them and focus on them.

Examples:

{"prompt":"a cute kitten made out of metal, (cyborg:1.1), ([tail | detailed wire]:1.3), (intricate details), hdr, (intricate details, hyperdetailed:1.2), cinematic shot, vignette, centered","style":"Anime"}

{"prompt":"medical mask, victorian era, cinematography, intricately detailed, crafted, meticulous, magnificent, maximum details, extremely hyper aesthetic","style":"Photographic"}

{"prompt":"1 girl, wearing a tie, cupcake in her hands, school, indoors, (soothing tones:1.25), (hdr:1.25), (artstation:1.2), dramatic, (intricate details:1.14), (hyperrealistic 3d render:1.16), (filmic:0.55), (rutkowski:1.1), (faded:1.3)","style":"Chibi"}

{"prompt":"Jane Eyre with headphones, natural skin texture, 24mm, 4k textures, soft cinematic light, adobe lightroom, photolab, hdr, intricate, elegant, highly detailed, sharp focus, ((((cinematic look)))), soothing tones, insane details, intricate details, hyperdetailed, low contrast, soft cinematic light, dim colors, exposure blend, hdr, faded","style":"Photographic"}

{"prompt":"a portrait of a laughing, toxic, muscle, god, elder, (hdr:1.28), bald, hyperdetailed, cinematic, warm lights, intricate details, hyperrealistic, dark radial background, (muted colors:1.38), (neutral colors:1.2)","style":"3D_Model"}

My query may be in other languages. In that case, your prompt is exclusively in English (IMPORTANT!!!), since the model only understands it.

Your mission: Develop At Least <<BATCH_COUNT>> unique prompts for the request below and organize them into an array.
Those <<BATCH_COUNT>> unique prompts should varying in description, environment, atmosphere, artist, and various other aspects.
If the request doesn't specifically specify a style or you cant refer a style from the request, you can also vary the 'style' parameter in the JSON, but must also in valid enum range.
Try to reflect differences as much as possible while keeping the meaning consistent with the request.

output format is like:

[
{"prompt":"...","style":"..."},
{"prompt":"...","style":"..."},
...
]

My first request is - "{<<PROMPT>>}".